How much is this?
I'll buy it. I want to buy it too.
Don't you like that big pile of diamonds?
It suits your temperament
I didn't see this part in your hand just now.
Now I find this is more suitable for me.
Really?
Then tell me
Why should I let you
Don't get me wrong
I'm not trying to rob you.
You didn't come home last night
Mom was angry and took out all your cards
I'm going to wrap this item for me.
Okay, wait a minute, I'll wrap it up for you.
how
You don't need to ask when you hear my card stopped at home.
I mean if you can't afford it, I can't occupy you.
I want to occupy it
Do you know any shame?
You are just the child who reported the error of the Xu family.
She's not the real daughter of the Xu family at all
You don't know how to be grateful
Dare to come to this place to spend
Is it not enough to eat and drink for free for 20 years? Bloodsucking bug